I could put my notes on my own web pages?


What is xGraph?

The xGraph architecture enables the creation of distributed intelligent
systems without a central controller. An xGraph system consists of a set
of nodes (independent programs) Each node is autonomous, responsible for
its own calculations and actions, but nodes communicate with other nodes
so that the network can achieve a common goal. The connections between the
nodes result in a graph structure; we refer to this structure as an
executable graph framework. The graph can be organized hierarchically,
heterogeneously, homogeneously, and/or fractally, as needed for a
particular xGraph system.

The distributed structure of xGraph systems enables edge computing
applications, where nodes at the edge perform their tasks autonomously.
xGraph also supports the creation of complex systems models, agent-based
models, distributed analytics, and many other distributed intelligent
systems. 

------------------------------------------------------------

Inconsistencies in language in things that I'm reading, and notes on
options and choices:

1. xGraph as the architecture
   xGraph as a system (implemented in xGraph)

I think xGraph is the software we're distributing == the architecture.
I think when you implement something using xGraph, it's an xGraph system.

Example:
https://www.introspectivesystems.com/technology/
What is xGraph?
xGraph is an Executable Graph Framework where analytics processing takes
place inside the graph data structure itself that evolves dynamically.

I am fine with xGraph is an executable graph framework... which is kinda
the same thing as saying it's an executable graph architecture;
architecture/framework

But then saying the processing takes place inside the graph data structure
implies a specific instance of an xGraph system, not the architecture per
se.

Similarly on that page, "Implementing xGraph" is really "Implementing an
xGraph System"


2. The "node" is potentially confusing at first, since a node often refers
to "a compute node" in a cluster computing environment.

Relatedly, many people don't know that "a graph" is "a network", so that
might be a stumbling point on a first read.
